libazureinit: Add README (#75)
Azure/azure-init: libazureinit/README.md

# libazureinit

A common library for provisioning Linux VMs on Azure.

> Features would include like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features:
```

> * minimal configurations of virtual machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* retrieve provisioning metadata from Azure Instance Metadata Service
* configure the VM according to the provisioning metadata
* report provisioning complete to Azure platform
```

* provisioning metadata
* basic features for instance initialisation

> On the other hand, [azure-init](https://github.com/Azure/azure-init) is a reference implementation which actually calls API provided by libazureinit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[azure-init](https://github.com/Azure/azure-init) is reference implementation that leverages the APIs provided by libazureinit.
```

> Goal is to make the library provide common API to be used by other provisioning implementations.

Reviewer: The goal is to provide APIs to for other components to perform VM provisioning on Azure platform.

# libazureinit

A common library for provisioning Linux VMs on Azure.

Features:

* retrieve provisioning metadata from Azure Instance Metadata Service
* configure the VM according to the provisioning metadata
* report provisioning complete to Azure platform
* basic features for instance initialisation

> [azure-init](https://github.com/Azure/azure-init) is reference implementation that leverages the APIs provided by libazureinit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[azure-init](https://github.com/Azure/azure-init) is a reference implementation that leverages the APIs provided by libazureinit.
```
